[Launchpad for VMs] start of vm section (#10761)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/vm-management/launchpad-for-vms/getting-started-wiz.md

   :::info

   The initial benchmark used a single-replica storage class. The documentation team is testing extra replica counts for

>    each PVC setting and plans to share updates when results become available.

Reviewer: We really should avoid documenting future behaviours: https://github.com/spectrocloud/librarium/blob/master/style-guide.md#future-features

Was this a specific ask?

Author: Yes and no. Claude altered the original which had:

> Benchmarking was performed using a single-replica storage class. We are continuing to run additional benchmarks with multiple replicas for each PVC setting, and will share updates as those results become available.

Author: I've updated this back to the original admonition.

    | **IPAM Configuration** | Optional JSON.                                                                                                                                                              |
    | **Generated Config**   | Displays a preview of the NAD JSON.                                                                                                                                         |

    :::info

>     If your environment doesn't display the default namespaces, navigate to **Infrastructure** > **Namespaces**, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If your environment does not display the default namespaces, navigate to **Infrastructure** > **Namespaces**, and
```
